Okay speaking of checkboxes,
your exercise is to
create either a radio button or
a checkbox component.
If it's a radio button a chef selected
if the checkboxes should have checked
I'm mapping those mostly to
what they would be in HTML.
Theoretically, if you do the checkbox,
there is that one with a line through it,
right, which is like some chill.
You can choose to do that or not do that.
My point is that you don't learn anything
new about figma for having three states or
two states.
We start with the button,
if you want to be a completionist.
You'd have that third state in there, but
all I'm gonna ask is that you implement
one with either checked or
unchecked selected or unselected.
For either radio button or
checkbox one's a circle one's a square
whichever one makes you happier go for
it and then we will kinda look
at it together in a few minutes.